Update K3s Service Load Balancer docs (#339)
k3s-io/docs: docs/networking/networking-services.md

The ServiceLB controller watches Kubernetes [Services](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/) with the `spec.type` field set to `LoadBalancer`.

For each LoadBalancer Service, a [DaemonSet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/) is created in the `kube-system` namespace. This DaemonSet in turn creates ServiceLB Pods with a `svc-` prefix, on each node. These pods leverage hostPort using the service port, hence they will only be deployed on nodes that have that port available. If there aren't any nodes with that port available, the LB will remain Pending. Note that it is possible to expose multiple Services on the same node, as long as they use different ports.

When the ServiceLB Pod runs on a node that has an external IP configured, the node's external IP is populated into the Service's `status.loadBalancer.ingress` address list with `ipMode: VIP`. Otherwise, the node's internal IP is used.

> If the traffic to the external IP is natted, for example in public clouds when using the public IP of the node as external IP, the traffic is propagated into the ServiceLB Pod thanks to hostPort. The pod then uses iptables to forward traffic to the Service's ClusterIP address and port. If instead, the traffic is no natted, kube-proxy iptables chains `KUBE-EXT` will intercept the traffic and forward it to the Service's ClusterIP address and port.

Reviewer: A couple nits on language.

Do we want to perhaps skip mentioning the specific iptables chains used by kube-proxy, as this is kind of an implementation detail? The result is the same in ipvs mode, or when using a kube-proxy replacement like cilium, but they each do it a little differently.

```suggestion
If the traffic to the external IP is subject to [Network Address Translation (NAT)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_address_translation) - for example in public clouds when using the public IP of the node as external IP - the traffic is routed into the ServiceLB pod via the hostPort. The pod then uses iptables to forward traffic to the Service's ClusterIP address and port. If the traffic is not subject to NAT and instead arrives with the original destination address intact, the kube-proxy iptables `KUBE-EXT` chains will intercept the traffic and forward it to the Service's ClusterIP address and port.
```

Author: Good point, I'll remove the `KUBE-EXT` part
